Transcript of my discussion with Prof Ella.

. Explain in your writing that existing models have xyz accuracy. This should be part of your motivation in the introductory part of the writing and driving to the aim that suggested, yes there are machine learning models for dementia prediction and accuracy is xyz. Therefore other sources suggested that if you have more data, that can improve the accuracy of the existing machine learning models, and that has been successfully applied in other areas (name and reference these areas - 2 or 3 areas). And therefore the aim is to combine multiple dataset to generate a larger dataset and develop machine learning model that will be trained with the larger dataset. Therefore hypothesis is, it will improve the accuracy.

This is not the aim, this is the whole story that you need to tell in your motivation and background discussion.

 . The aim should say something that is achievable - to develope a machine learning model for dementia prediction.
 . The objectives should be then the things you will have to do to develope the model.
 . In the end you will have a model and then evaluate your model and then compare accuracy of your model against others.
 . And then you will see whether it improved or not, hopefully, ideally it's improved 
 . And you can demonstrate that your model performs better because you have a bigger dataset or better dataset that enabled you to develope a better model that performs better than others.
 . But you need to have others (other models in paper) for evaluation purposes and also for early discussions to see what the weakness of the existing models are, what their accuracies are, what dataset they are using, what is in their dataset, it's not just the size but the features.
 . That is how you need to shape your early discussion.
 . That's the first chapter you need to write.
----------------------------------------------------------

 . Chapter 3 Ethic -  I don't think that is a whole chapter to write. In my view, ethic should be included in chapter 1

 . Project management. Once you have objective outlined, your project plan should be based on those objectives because objectives are the steps that you need to take to achieve your aim.

 .  You can breakdown your objectives into small tasks and have some timeline attached to each task, how long it will take to complete each task. and that's your detailed project plan.

 . In your interim report, when you submit, you need to say how much you hvae completed already.

 . You have now 2-weeks to write a report and also show that you've made progress against your project.

 . I think the biggest progress you can make in 2-weeks is litereature review.

 . Make literature review one of the objectives - that is a progress you can demonstrate.




 . While writing the background you need to tell the supervisor about dementia because she doesn't know

 . There's different types of dementia, which one, you need to narrow down and say what type of condition you will be looking at, what is it you're going to be predicting - these details are very important but these are based on your data, what the data gives you, allows you to, enables you to do.

 . The type of dementia you're working on should be part of your background discussion as well, it's not just literature about machine learning models, you need to give background to the reader about the condition because not everybody knows about dementia, there are different types and then narrow down to focus on one particular one explaining what that is.

 . These are *Background in Literature Review* you're starting with a background discussion, explaining background to your work, what's already there. Information we need to have before reading the rest of your thesis.

 . If I'm the reader I don't know what dementia is, you need to tell me that, what machine learning models are, then move on to how machine learning can be applied to dementia prediction, then literature comes in, showing who has done what and how and what's been achieved so far, you're giving background for us, then justifying your work and seeting the scene for your work. That's what background in literature review is about.

 . Sections for the literature: Something with dementia first, then machine learning models for dementia prediction, then maybe for the certain condition or for prediction or detection. Subheadings should based on the literature that you're going to review.

 . Organise the literature thematically, therefore in one category or another, the headings are dictated by those themes that you have identified

 . Ethical Statement: This work does not involve any such participants or any sensitive data. Data used are publicly available and fully annonymous. Therefore there are no ethical implications.

 . Add the specific condition of dementia to the aim which is alzeihmer's disease
